About us
We are an e-commerce company specializing in contract manufacturingandprivate labeling services for Australian health products. We work closely withclients to produce custom-branded supplements, functional foods, andother
wellness products, ensuring high-quality standards and compliance withindustry regulations. In addition to manufacturing, we also offer discreet dropshipping services for a wide range of premium Australian products, includinghealth supplements, organic food, and infant formula. Our goal is to helpbusinesses expand their product offerings while delivering top-tier Australiangoods directly to customers with seamless and efficient logistics. Mission Statement:
APPP’s mission is to serve a worldwide customer base providing Aussie
Australian Products and premium service solutions that recognizes the
value of customer care. Our Goals
To generate a high standard of commitment to our customers
To treat our clients and employees with honesty and respect
To growth in both business and personal life
To provide a quality working environment with advanced technology that
enhance all employees quality of life
To offer an unsurpassed level of service at the most competitive rates
Main business
1) Exporting Australia Aussie products and services
2) Supply and Export Australian Natural Agricultural products
Including:  Dairy products,  Supplements, (Healthy Food, Natural Food)  Wine,  Meats,
 Seafood
 Honey (Natural Honey and Manuka Honey)
3) Provide Aussie Premium Services
Including:  Migration Services  Overseas Students Visa Application and Public/Private School
Application
 Finance Support and IPO Portfolio in Australian and Hong
Kong
 Australia Export and China Import Services  OEM Aussie Products Services (Supplements, Wine, and
Honey, Milk Powder)  Construction Services, Builder development and ConstructionManagement and
 Business Consultant  E-Commerce System Set-up and Implementation Services
Company Profiles
APPP was established in 2014 and registered in 2015 with its main officelocated in Sydney, Australia. Over the Australian Parliament and Trading Department strong supports, APPP has accumulated a strong and healthy market trust through a simpleprinciple that we follow:
EARN TRUST WITH BUSINESS, BRING PREMIUMAUSSIEPRODUTS AND SERVIES TO THE END USER, brightness the world. APPP is among the leading distributors of Dairy Products, Supplements, Meats, Seafood and Wine in Australia. APPP has strong connection with Aussie Farms and Factories. Our Teammember owns Aussie Brand Michiko for Milk Powder, and run factoryinNSW. An Aussie GMP factory has strong cooperation with APPP. To achieve the market differential and customer preferences, APPP will be
only providing Aussie Premium Products and Services. Contact Us
Please contact us with any query, feedback or story you wish to share, Australia Premium Products Platform Pty Ltd
PO Box 21471
Sydney
NSW
Australia
2002
F 61-2-8379 2684
E sales_appp@outlook.com
We also can provide OEM service
The Supplement List:
Superfood MACA African Mango
Hair Skin Nail Oral Liquid Garcinia Cambogia
Hair Skin Nail Tablet Ultiboost Glucosamine
Chlorophyll Pepermint Ultiboost Glucosamine
Odourless Fish Oil 1000mg H.S. Celery
Chlorophyll Mixed Berry Fish Oil
H.S. Propolis 2000mg Odourless Fish Oil
H.S. Odourless Wild Fish Oil 1500mg Propolis
Calcium+ Vitamin D Grape forte
Calcium+ Vitamin D Sugar balance
Ultiboost Grape Seed
Ultiboost Grape Seed Odourless Fish Oil
H.S. Cranberry CoQ10 75mg
Join Pain Relief Kids Fruity Fishies
Co-enzyme Q10 150mg Joint Formula Advanced
Kids Supplement: (Own Brand)
Mica Multi-Vitamin Tablets Kids
Mica Fish Oil Kids
Mica Protein Tablets Kids
Mica Goat Milk Tablets Kids
Mica Colostrum Tablets Kids
Mica Blueberry Tablets (enhance eye view and relax eyes)
Co-enzyme Q10 150mg VE Cream
Spirulina Celery
H.S Oranic Spirulina Evening Primrose Oil (190)Amb
Chlorophyll+ Tablet
H.S. Chlorophyll+ Tablet
Mens Ultivie F1
women's Ultivie F1
Ultiboost Lutein
Mens 50+ Ultivie
Sleep
Children's Smart Fish Oil
Ultiboost Hunger Control
Liver Detox
Ultiboost Evening Primrose oil
H.S. Vit C
VE Cream
Ultiboost Prostate
Ultiboost Liquid Iron
Ultiboost Lecithin